(venv) akn@akn-ub:~/Genel/pet$ /home/akn/Genel/pet/venv/bin/python /home/akn/Genel/pet/degiskenleri_listele.py
apps/ortak/constants.py: KEDI
apps/ortak/constants.py: KOPEK
apps/ortak/constants.py: KUS
apps/ortak/constants.py: BALIK
apps/ortak/constants.py: KEMIRGEN
apps/ortak/constants.py: SURUNGEN
apps/ortak/constants.py: DIGER
apps/ortak/constants.py: EXTRA_SMALL
apps/ortak/constants.py: SMALL
apps/ortak/constants.py: MEDIUM
apps/ortak/constants.py: LARGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: EXTRA_LARGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: BABY
apps/ortak/constants.py: YOUNG
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADULT
apps/ortak/constants.py: SENIOR
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: MALE
apps/ortak/constants.py: FEMALE
apps/ortak/constants.py: UNKNOWN
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: DRAFT
apps/ortak/constants.py: ACTIVE
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADOPTED
apps/ortak/constants.py: INACTIVE
apps/ortak/constants.py: EXPIRED
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: PENDING
apps/ortak/constants.py: UNDER_REVIEW
apps/ortak/constants.py: APPROVED
apps/ortak/constants.py: REJECTED
apps/ortak/constants.py: WITHDRAWN
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADOPTION
apps/ortak/constants.py: FOSTERING
apps/ortak/constants.py: TEMPORARY_CARE
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: USER
apps/ortak/constants.py: SHELTER_STAFF
apps/ortak/constants.py: VETERINARY
apps/ortak/constants.py: VOLUNTEER
apps/ortak/constants.py: MODERATOR
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADMIN
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: ACTIVE
apps/ortak/constants.py: INACTIVE
apps/ortak/constants.py: SUSPENDED
apps/ortak/constants.py: BANNED
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: APPLICATION_RECEIVED
apps/ortak/constants.py: APPLICATION_APPROVED
apps/ortak/constants.py: APPLICATION_REJECTED
apps/ortak/constants.py: NEW_MESSAGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: LISTING_EXPIRED
apps/ortak/constants.py: SYSTEM_ANNOUNCEMENT
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: LOW
apps/ortak/constants.py: NORMAL
apps/ortak/constants.py: HIGH
apps/ortak/constants.py: URGENT
apps/ortak/constants.py: CHOICES
apps/ortak/constants.py: PROFILE_IMAGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: PET_IMAGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: DOCUMENT
apps/ortak/constants.py: DEFAULT
apps/ortak/constants.py: SMALL
apps/ortak/constants.py: LARGE
apps/ortak/constants.py: MAX
apps/ortak/constants.py: LOGIN_ATTEMPTS
apps/ortak/constants.py: MESSAGE_PER_HOUR
apps/ortak/constants.py: APPLICATION_PER_DAY
apps/ortak/constants.py: LISTING_PER_DAY
apps/ortak/constants.py: TURKISH_CITIES
apps/ortak/constants.py: LANGUAGE_CODES
apps/ortak/constants.py: POPULER_IRKLAR
apps/ortak/constants.py: YERLI_IRKLAR
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADANA
apps/ortak/constants.py: ADIYAMAN
apps/ortak/constants.py: ISTANBUL
apps/ortak/constants.py: IZMIR
apps/ortak/validators.py: FORBIDDEN_WORDS
apps/ortak/validators.py: TURKISH_CITIES
apps/ortak/models.py: created_at
apps/ortak/models.py: updated_at
apps/ortak/models.py: id
apps/ortak/models.py: title
apps/ortak/models.py: slug
apps/ortak/models.py: DRAFT
apps/ortak/models.py: REVIEW
apps/ortak/models.py: PUBLISHED
apps/ortak/models.py: REJECTED
apps/ortak/models.py: ARCHIVED
apps/ortak/models.py: status
apps/ortak/models.py: published_at
apps/ortak/models.py: deleted_at
apps/ortak/models.py: search_vector
apps/ortak/models.py: view_count
apps/ortak/models.py: like_count
apps/ortak/models.py: share_count
apps/kullanicilar/managers.py: _1
apps/kullanicilar/validators.py: TURKISH_PHONE_REGEX
apps/kullanicilar/validators.py: NAME_REGEX
apps/kullanicilar/validators.py: INSTAGRAM_REGEX
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: email
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: first_name
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: last_name
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: telefon
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: sehir
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: biyografi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: profil_resmi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: rol
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: durum
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: email_dogrulanmis
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: email_dogrulama_token
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: email_dogrulama_tarihi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: sahiplendiren_mi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: sahiplenmek_istiyor_mu
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: email_bildirimleri
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: push_bildirimleri
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: son_giris_tarihi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: giris_sayisi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: uyelik_tarihi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: guncelleme_tarihi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: USERNAME_FIELD
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: REQUIRED_FIELDS
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: kullanici
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: instagram_hesabi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: facebook_hesabi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: hayvan_deneyimi_yil
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: daha_once_sahiplendin_mi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: veteriner_referansi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: ev_tipi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: bahce_var_mi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: diger_hayvanlar
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: kimlik_dogrulandi_mi
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: _1
apps/kullanicilar/models.py: _2
apps/kategoriler/models.py: ad
apps/kategoriler/models.py: slug
apps/kategoriler/models.py: aciklama
apps/kategoriler/models.py: pet_type
apps/kategoriler/models.py: ikon_adi
apps/kategoriler/models.py: renk_kodu
apps/kategoriler/models.py: kullanim_sayisi
apps/kategoriler/models.py: aktif
apps/kategoriler/models.py: sira
apps/kategoriler/models.py: ad
apps/kategoriler/models.py: alan_tipi
apps/kategoriler/models.py: secenekler
apps/kategoriler/models.py: zorunlu
apps/kategoriler/models.py: aktif
apps/kategoriler/models.py: sira
apps/kategoriler/models.py: KATEGORI_HIKAYELERI
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: id
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: ad
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: aciklama
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: populer
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: yerli
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: aktif
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: fotograf
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: thumbnail
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: kapak_fotografi
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: sira
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: created_at
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: updated_at
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: ad
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: slug
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: tur
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: yas
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: cinsiyet
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: boyut
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: renk
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: kisirlastirilmis
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: asilar_tamam
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: mikrocipli
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: karakter_ozellikleri
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: aciklama
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: il
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: ilce
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: aktif
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: sahiplenildi
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: created_at
apps/hayvanlar/models.py: updated_at
(venv) akn@akn-ub:~/Genel/pet$ 